(tense music)
(music intensifies)
(music crescendo)
(light switch noise)
I could boast about
how my injury
was earned in battle,
but I take no pride in
how that battle transpired.
My right hand
is getting better,
but it'll take time.
[Rohan] While
the intermediate phalanx
of my little finger
is merely cracked,
in my middle
and ring fingers,
the fourth and fifth
metacarpals
and proximal phalanges
are completely fractured,
and will take
four weeks to heal.
For once, I honestly regret
the actions I took
during this incident.
It's clear that this stemmed
from a fault
in my personality.
I crossed a red line that
wasn't meant to be crossed.
Stuck my nose into
someone else's business.
I prided myself on being
able to see the truth
of a person's character.
Now, I know I was foolish.
(intense music)
(music crescendo)
(nervous grunt)
-(chair creak)
-(sigh of relief)
Everything above my wrist
is intact,
only thanks to a stroke of
pure blind luck that day.
-(chair creak)
-(sigh)
(intense piano note)
(opening theme music)
(soft jazz)
[Rohan] An hour and a half
ride on the Shinkansen
will take you from
S City station,
southwest of
the town of Morio,
to Tokyo station.
From there, another
30-minute train ride
will take you to Harajuku.
(street noise)
[Agent]
Well, aren't you gorgeous?
I could just eat you up.
How tall are you?
178 centimeters?
(chuckle)
[Rohan] Yoma Hashimoto had
just taken that very trip
when he was scouted
by a woman
from a modeling
and production agency.
In turn, his photos
appeared in magazines,
and he landed
a minor role in a film.
While on set,
he even caught
a distant glimpse
- of the leading man,
-(beeping)
and it reminded him of
what his agent said to him
at the very beginning.
You know what makes
an actor or a model a star?
They can draw you in
with their aura,
even if they're
standing still.
That comes from
training your body.
Talent has nothing
on a body
that makes every stance
a beautiful pose.
[Rohan] Feeling as bright
and energetic
as the sun overhead,
Yoma Hashimoto began
the best days of his life.
-(struggling grunt)
-(upbeat music)
(struggling grunt)
(panting)
-(struggling grunt)
-(music intensifies)
(panting)
One last set.
You got this!
-[Coach] Three.
-(struggling grunt)
-Two.
-Two, two...
-(struggling grunt)
-[Coach] Still two.
-[Yoma] (struggling grunt)
-One.
-(struggling grunt)
-Last one!
(struggling grunt)
(panting)
(clapping)
[Coach]
Okay, that's it.
Perfection.
Sure, I might have lied
about the rep counts,
but lying's just what I do.
[Coach] And you made it
through a whole week
of my training.
See the way your veins
are bulging out over here?
Absolutely beautiful!
(pant)
(guitar music)
(music continues)
(grunt)
(exhale)
(inhale and exhale)
[Mika]
(humming)
Mmm!
Dinner's ready!
Yoma!
(gasp)
(groaning)
Ow!
Could you not leave
your weights lying around?
[Mika] Are you seriously
jumping rope inside?
Yeah, sorry.
I'll put 'em away.
(gasp)
Gotta say it,
your routine's
really working.
I mean, your abs
are looking spectacular!
You look like...
Oh, I know!
Like Brad Pitt
in Fight Club!
Oh...
You're amazing!
Who knew it was possible
to get so jacked that fast?
But wow!
If you were the star
of a detective movie,
you'd be fantastic.
[Mika]
Oh, by the way,
the cod roe spaghetti
is ready.
Let's eat it
while it's hot.
Uh, spaghetti?
[Mika] Yeah.
[Yoma] Didn't I tell you
before, Mika?
I'm not eating
carbs or fats.
Huh?
I only eat protein.
It's better
for developing muscles
and all that other crap.
[Yoma]
This is my menu.
I expect you to stick to it.
Is this all you're
going to eat now?
But, what about tonight,
when we go out for drinks
with all our friends?
Well, I won't
be going to that.
I'm running 10 K
at 4:00 A.M. tomorrow.
[Yoma]
I'm off to bed.
Bed? But it's only
7:00 in the evening.
[Mika] Wait, there's
no money in my wallet.
[Yoma] Oh, right.
I forgot to tell you.
My gym was having
a special deal
on protein powder.
2,000 grams for 4,800,
chocolate flavor too.
Super cheap.
[Yoma] Definitely cheaper
than the cod roe,
so I borrowed 5,000 yen.
Sorry, I'll give you
the money back tomorrow.
What?
All right,
I gotta shower and sleep.
You should
probably go home now.
But, Yoma,
this is my apartment.
Hm?
Oh, is that right?
I guess it is.
(doorbell)
Hey!
How many damn times
do you have
to ring that bell?!
I told you before,
enough with
the evening deliveries!
-Yoma!
-I'm trying to sleep here!
-Calm down!
-If you wake me up
-Yoma!
-one more time,
-It's only 7!
-I'll beat your ass!
[Yoma]
(grunt)
-(door slams)
-(nervous grunt)
Sorry about that.
-(door slamming)
-(shower noise)
(treadmill noise)
[Rohan] It all began
with idle gym talk.
Conversations like,
you start burning fat after
15 minutes of running,
so you should warm up
with a 20 minute run
on the treadmill.
Things like that.
That's how
we started talking.
(breathing)
Rohan Sensei, it looks
like you're in top shape.
[Coach] Those weights
don't stand a chance
-against you.
-(grunt)
-(intensifying music)
-[Voice] Go!
(grunt)
Wow, looking good.
-[Voice] Go!
-(singing)
-(singing continues)
(grunting)
[Yoma]
Oh...
Oh my God.
(music intensifies)
(grunting)
(grunt)
(music continues)
(music ends)
(stunned groaning)
Nice work!
That was fun.
[Rohan] Always nice to have
a little competition.
-(footsteps)
-(tense piano music)
Hey, coach.
Should I breathe in or
should I breathe out here?
Sorry, bud.
Can't help you.
This gentleman here
signed up
for a personal training
session today.
[Coach]
Okay, you ready to go?
(tense music)
-(grunting)
-Work those abs!
Your muscles will love it
if you just talk to 'em.
(tense music continues)
[Coach]
The final set!
-1, 2, 3!
-(grunting)
(eating)
(nervous groan)
(panting)
You know, I've asked you
not to jump rope in here
over and over.
-[Yoma] Have you?
-I have!
And I told you not to
leave your training stuff
all over the place,
remember?
Is that right?
But I use this stuff daily.
[Mika] Clearly. Look at
how gross the floor is!
Stop, would you?
(wince)
Careful now.
Best not get too close.
(tense music)
(panting)
-[Coach] Almost there!
-(grunting)
-6, 7, 8, 9, 10!
(tense music continues)
(music fade out)
What are you doing?
Isn't it obvious?
Bouldering.
[Mika]
Bouldering...
You cemented a handhold
right over our thermostat.
[Yoma]
Oh, did I?
Well, we don't really
need it anymore, do we?
That air conditioner
was taking up space.
[Yoma]
Once we're rid of it,
maybe I'll set up
a pull-up machine there.
Could you please
come down and talk to me?
It's about my debit card.
You took it out of
my handbag, didn't you?
Give it back!
Pretty sure
I put it back in there.
No, I mean
the money you took!
You spent 270 thousand yen
without even asking!
[Mika] What'd you even
spend it on?!
I'll pay you back when
I land my next film role.
(exasperated) I can't deal
with you anymore.
How did you even know
my PIN number?
It's his birthday,
your ex's.
-(dramatic booming)
-[Mika] (gasp)
You need to get out of
my apartment right now.
I'll call the police!
You're not serious,
are you?
You asshole!
Get the hell out of here!
All right then.
If you want me to.
(gasp)
But...this place,
it's a rental.
(intense music)
[Mika]
You're completely insane!
(music crescendo)
(dramatic booming)
[Rohan] Two treadmills
of the same make and model.
The speed increases
automatically,
and can reach a maximum
of 25 kilometers per hour.
[Rohan]
(panting)
[Rohan] Usain Bolt runs
100 meters
at 35 to 37
kilometers per hour.
Faster than I could
ever dream of,
but this machine runs
speeds of up to 25 kph.
-(crackling noise)
-You up for a rematch?
[Rohan]
Or so I asked him.
There was only one remote
for both machines.
That's how we were set up.
We were running at 13.2 kph,
and kept speeding up
until we reached
25 kilometers per hour.
Then, whoever
snatched the remote
and pressed the emergency
stop button first
would be the winner.
(panting)
By the way,
to keep it fair,
we need a judge.
Think a coach
could help out?
It's like my personal
training client
dropped off the face
of the Earth.
It's been two whole weeks
since I've even
heard from him.
What should I do?
I haven't had any luck
trying to contact him
either.
Same rules as last time
work for you?
Remember,
touch the remote
before 25 kph,
and you lose.
(clanging noise)
Hey now,
what's with the look?
Hold on a sec,
you're not
playing around, huh?
-(wooshing noise)
-I see.
Still holding a grudge
from our previous run.
(intensifying music)
(groan)
[Rohan] Same rules
as last time then?
(pant)
Oh yeah,
you told me you were
an actor and a model.
How's work been
treating you lately?
-Rohan Sensei.
-(pant)
I recommend you focus
entirely on your running.
I've accepted
your challenge.
The competition has begun.
This won't play out
like before.
This time, I'm gonna
whip your scrawny ass.
(dramatic booming)
Rohan Kishibe.
(intense noise)
What...the...Hell?!
-(crackling)
-(panting)
(panting)
[Yoma] 17.2 kilometers
per hour.
-(tense music)
-(panting)
Your body...
It...
It didn't look
like that last time.
[Rohan] Your name is
Yoma Hashimoto, right?
You're 21, aren't you?
(intense clanging noises)
[Rohan] Amazing.
Your sides!
How did you build
all that muscle?
Those serratus anteriors!
That's no mere six pack.
Your muscle definition's
beyond anything
I've ever seen.
Your serratus anteriors
are...
-incredible!
-(intense music)
[Yoma] Just shut up and run.
I've passed 18 K per hour.
(panting)
-(clapping noise)
-(gasp)
-(revving noise)
-(crackling noise)
[Rohan]
What?
- The shape of his muscles!
-( intensifying music)
Those can't be!
-(pant)
-19 K per hour.
Rohan Sensei,
during our last race,
you sneakily struck
the table with your fingers.
It knocked the remote over
in a way that gave you
an unfair edge.
[Yoma] You caused the remote
to fall into your hand.
It seems the scales
were unbalanced.
Not a true match.
A competition
should not be ambiguous.
[Yoma] That's not gonna fly
this time around.
Wait a minute, now.
We're just playing
a game here.
Yeah. A little game between
two buddies at the gym.
Just playing around,
but if you're
not playing fair,
there's no way
to name a winner.
That's even truer
for a rematch.
We have to make sure
everything is done right.
Revenge is only worth it
when it's taken fairly.
All of this because you
couldn't grab the remote?
Are you saying that
I'm a cheater or something?
I'm just saying our game
is gonna be fair!
-[Yoma] (grunt)
-What the--?
(clattering noise)
-(panting)
-(dramatic booming)
[Yoma]
(panting)
[Rohan]
What the hell is he doing?
-(whining noise)
- Backwards?
He's running backwards
on a treadmill?
At 20 kilometers per hour?!
How?!
What incredible athleticism!
What?
What's he up to?
Why is he running
backwards?
Hey!
What on Earth are you--?
(gasp)
-(dramatic booming)
-[Yoma] (panting) (grunt)
(dramatic booming)
-(grunt)
-(intense music)
[Yoma]
20.2 K per hour.
Now 20.4!
(intense music continues)
Hold on.
Did you--?
Competition's lurking behind
every aspect of our lives.
That's why fairness
is so vital.
If you live
without fairness,
there's no way
you can ever improve!
(wooshing noise)
[Both]
(panting)
[Yoma]
Now, it's fair.
Whoever takes
the remote first
will win a perfect,
indisputable victory!
(panting)
We're coming to the hard
part now, Rohan Kishibe!
[Rohan]
Who the hell are you?
What are you?
I'm at 21.4 K.
(panting)
-(crunching noise)
-(pained groaning)
Oh, it's a little
too early for that.
Like you said, we can't
press the stop button
until we reach 25 kph.
[Yoma] Which of us will grab
the remote first?
I left you two fingers
to press the button.
That is fairness,
so neither one of us
can hold a grudge
when it's over.
The entire point
of a rematch
is to decide the true
winner, isn't it?
(panting)
(intense music)
What the--?
Huh?
[Rohan]
Heaven's Door.
-(dramatic boom)
-Yoma, what have you--?
(dramatic screech)
[Rohan] This man...
This Yoma Hashimoto is...
[Yoma]
(panting)
Damn it, stop!
Now, we're up to 23 K.
(panting)
You better not fall yet,
Rohan Sensei.
[Yoma] 23.3 kilometers
per hour. (pant)
(panting)
-[Yoma] 23.7.
-(pant)
24 K now.
(thumping noise)
(pant) Shit.
God damn it, this is bad.
[Rohan]
Really bad!
(thumping noise)
[Rohan] If I don't get
that remote before he does,
-(intensifying music)
-I'm dead!
(panting)
-(intense music continues)
-(wooshing noises)
(intense groaning)
[Both]
(panting)
(gasps)
(strained groan)
-(gasp)
-I won!
(holler)
I beat you!
(panting)
I went for it
with everything I had.
(pant) Make no mistake,
your movements were quicker
and more elegant
than mine.
This victory
is indisputably yours.
-(pant)
-(wooshing noise)
[Rohan] Too bad for you,
I've got Heaven's Door,
the power to make someone
into a book,
and rewrite them too.
Just now, I took the chance
to write in you,
but, as far as
our competition's concerned,
you've won.
[Rohan] I concede.
Isn't that enough?
(clicking noise)
(dramatic wooshing)
-[Yoma] (gasp)
-(screeching noise)
You were the one
who ultimately
-pressed the button.
-Huh?
(struggled groaning)
(intense drumming)
(dramatic noise)
Rohan.
[Rohan]
(panting)
(soft piano music)
[Rohan]
I'm not going to look down
through this broken window
to the scene down below.
Even if I did,
I'm sure I wouldn't see Yoma
at the bottom.
He may be clinging to
the side of the building
somewhere.
(soft piano music continues)
[Rohan] I need to get out
of this place immediately.
I need to escape.
Though I didn't intend to,
I crossed the red line.
If I looked out
of this window now,
if I stuck my head out
as if to look down upon him,
he would probably kill me.
The muscles on his back
were in the shape of wings.
The ones above
his ankles too.
And, when the wind
blew through his hair,
I saw them behind his ears.
They were a symbol,
I'm sure of it.
He's a man possessed.
The wings were the sign.
He is possessed
by the god of muscle.
This god has many names
in Greek myth.
He is called Hermes.
Yoma Hashimoto
has turned into the god,
Hermes, incarnate.
I shouldn't have
gone anywhere near him.
I risked my life
and our competition
for that remote.
That's the truth.
But that still doesn't mean
he'll ever accept it.
I sincerely hope
I haven't brought
his wrath down on me.
The only thing
I can do now...
is run.
(door creaking and closing)
(ending theme music)